{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20080\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 run:\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  -3\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  -1\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  0\
The base 10 number of 0 is the same as 0 in any other base! Try another number!\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  3879\
\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  -9\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  0\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  1\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  18\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  17\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  8\
\
The base 10 number of 3879 is the same as 7447 in base 8.\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  a\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  b\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  n\
\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  11987\
\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  15\
\
The base 10 number of 11987 is the same as 3842 in base 15.\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  1\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  -4\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  N\
\
Enter a base 10 number (Must be positive):  11999\
\
Enter a base number (Must be between 2 and 16):  15\
\
The base 10 number of 11999 is the same as 384E in base 15.\
Are you done converting numbers? (Y/N)?  y\
\
BUILD SUCCESSFUL (total time: 3 minutes 28 seconds)\
}